Reword SSH connection SmartProxy to host for mqtt (#3959)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-a-host-to-use-the-pull-client.adoc

= Configuring a host to use the pull client

For {SmartProxies} configured to use `pull-mqtt` mode, hosts can subscribe to remote jobs using the remote execution pull client.

> Using the pull client, {SmartProxyServers} do not require an SSH connection to their hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the pull client, {SmartProxies} do not require an SSH connection to their hosts.
```

Reviewer: You can also generalize it further: SSH is not involved at all. Perhaps something like
```suggestion
This does not use SSH and hosts do not require opening up any incoming firewall ports.
```

Author: Applied Ewoud's suggestion.
